lib/systems/inspect.nix: replace isPowerPC with isPower32BigEndian (#168113)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2205.section.md

- The F-PROT antivirus (`fprot` package) and its service module were removed because it
  reached [end-of-life](https://kb.cyren.com/av-support/index.php?/Knowledgebase/Article/View/434/0/end-of-sale--end-of-life-for-f-prot-and-csam).

> - The `isPowerPC` predicate, found on `platform` attrsets (`hostPlatform`, `buildPlatform`, `targetPlatform`, etc) has been removed in order to reduce confusioon.  The predicate was was defined such that it matches only the 32-bit big-endian members of the POWER/PowerPC family, despite having a name which would imply a broader set of systems.  If you wereusing this predicate, you can replace `foo.isPowerPC` with `(with foo; isPower && is32bit && isBigEndian)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `isPowerPC` predicate, found on `platform` attrsets (`hostPlatform`, `buildPlatform`, `targetPlatform`, etc) has been removed in order to reduce confusion.  The predicate was was defined such that it matches only the 32-bit big-endian members of the POWER/PowerPC family, despite having a name which would imply a broader set of systems.  If you were using this predicate, you can replace `foo.isPowerPC` with `(with foo; isPower && is32bit && isBigEndian)`.
```
